Why did she want to run away?
Is your home life bad?
Do you want to live on the road?
Did she want to live like the hobos and travelers?
Does she want to live a more primal life?
Did she want to live in olden times?
Does she want to experience life the way we used to?
Is there more to map?
What is the new map?
How can you map people?
How would it look?
Is the city segregated?
Are people isolated?
Are they segregated by interests?
What's an institutional investor?
Did they make the money in the stock market?
What's a global bond market?
Is the US the world's largest economy?
What's ESG?
Is the world in danger of these challenges?
Is this risk actually overstated?
Why do you call it a flower pedal sharshade?
How do you make the edges of the petal exactly right?
Why does it have to be bigger than a thumb?
Why is it the size of half a football field?
Why does it start wrapped around a hub?
Why do the petals unfurl?
Why does it flip?
Why does governance relate to oversight?
Why is does sustainability help outcomes?
Why do CEO's care?
Why do 20 percent of CEOs not see it as a tool?
Why is ESG the future but not the present?
How are they using ESG to get results?
What does it mean to migrate applications to the cloud?
What would be a near win?
What type of imperfections?
What does it mean for the worker to have a way out?
Why are masters experts?
Why isn't their a conceptual end?
Why did his coach tell him that?
Why are there enough visualization techniques.
What are you trying to see by controlling diffraction?
What purpose does the shadow serve?
What size are the planets normally?
What is the size of the starshade?
Where does it go after the hub?
Where does the telescope turn?
What do you do with the shadow?
What is the relevance of all these categories?
How is ESG used?
How do CEOs factor in sustainability?
How does sustainability result in success?
How do CEOs view ESGs?
How are companies using ESGs?
What do the applications have to do with anything?
What do you know?
What do the Navajo have to do with anything?
What else does it do?
Why are masters experts?
What comes afterward?
What does this story have to do with anything?
What does this story have to do with anything?
Are the stars bright?
When will we see the red circle?
how far is the light?
How do we fix the bright light?
What are they working on?
What inspiration did he take
Is a solar eclipse bright?
What is the change?
Are those things important?
How can it jeopordize the future
How does it rest with them?
How is it important
Will the number continue to grow
Are environmental and social issues important
Why is it incomplete?
Why did he implore that?
How is the mastery reaching?
How do you craft your career?
What are the achievements
What is the leading edge
How does he compose
How many planets are there?
How much progress has been made on the technology?
Are any of these Earth-like planets close to Earth?
Are there plans to directly identify them?
Where did Voyager go after leaving our solar system?
Have we attempted it before?
Where is the Hubble Space Telescope currently?
Why don't the LGBT and geek communities get along?
What is the photo of?
What does Rio de Janerio have to do with this?
How are Rio de Janeiro and San Francisco different?
What is TEDxRio?
What's the most popular kind of music in Rio De Janeiro?
What kind of stand-up comedians are popular?
Did the archer hit the target?
Did she hit any more tens?
Were all of the archers exhausted?
What did the archer do next?
Why is it so rare in American culture?
How long did they stay for?
What else besides excellence is involved with mastery?
Who is present in this passage?
Why do we want to see it?
Will we see the planet?
How do we get rid of the light?
What technology is the coolest?
How did the eclipse inspire Spitzer?
How does the eclipse help?
How is the world changing?
Why is sustainability important?
What things are investors ignoring?
How can institutional investors influence sustainability?
Why is sustainable investing so important?
What kind of problems will the growing population cause?
What else is there?
Why did his friend refuse to honor his request?
How does mastery relate to not finishing things?
How does reaching help mastery?
Crafting your career is bad?
What are Saunders' triumphs the result of?
What does the author mean by "leading edge?"
Are there more examples of this "wisdom?"
why does softening the edges work?
what does the shadow look like?
why is the planet more visible?
Why does it have to be so far away?
what happens after the hub?
why does the telescope turn around?
how does it know where to go?
What is the purpose of this?
What does ESG stand for?
What are the CEOs doing?
How are they incorporating sustainability?
What makes the other 7% hesitant?
What changes are these companies making?
how much did it save state street?
what drives us to do more?
what type of imperfections?
do they come back to fix the flaw?
Why are they masters?
How do they work towards the end?
What more could they do?
how did that make you feel?
Why did she want to run away?
What is the source of her desire?
Does her current job manifest her current desires?
Does she have any regrets?
Does she experience many difficulties with this lifestyle?
To what extent is she a part of the community that she is photographing?
Are there any negative sides to this part of America that no one else gets to see?
What is it that we do not think about in regards to mapping cities?
What is this new kind of map?
In what way does each dot represent a person?
Why is this version of a map necessary?
Can this map version up to interpretation?
Does this map also represent socio-economic status?
How is this data gathered?
What role do investors play in sustainability?
is the author implying that institutional investors are good or bad for sustainability?
What is the author's opinion of this amount of money created by these global markets?
Is the author stating that institutional investors hinder sustainability?
is this goal the author proposes attainable?
How substantial would this impact be?
What is the author's rebuttal to the claim that the need for sustainability is exaggerated?
What is JPL?
Why do they want the object to go into space?
What stars will the object take pictures of?
How much larger does the telescope need to be?
What is the pale blue dot?
How far away can the telescope see?
Why is this the coolest science?
Why was there no performance tradeoff?
What is ESG?
What does outperforming entail?
Why is it not causation?
Why wouldn't the investors be engaged?
Who are Hesta?
Why do they believe ESG has the potential to impact risks and returns?
What is ESG?
What is CalPERs?
Whats the first largest in the US?
What entails a 100% sustainable investment?
What are the three forms of capital?
Why are they concerned with ESG?
Why don't they want to use the portfolio to make policy statements?
What do teh petals do?
What technology are you trying to get into space?
Will this technology allow us to take pictures of planets and stars?
What else might we see with this technology?
What is that pale blue dot?
How far will this telescope see?
What if the telescope does find life?
What do you want more of?
Should you invest in environmentally conscious companies?
Will the trend continue?
Should we invest more in these companies?
Do people want to invest in companies that care about the environment?
How can we gather more interest?
So, Hesta would be a good investment?
Do a lot of Australians invest in Hesta?
What is CalPERS?
Are there any more examples?
How are they integrating ESG?
What are the three forms of capital?
What are the negative impacts of ESG?
Do a lot of investors use ESG?
How many planets are there?
How long will this take?
How did astronomers come to the conclusion that up to 1/5 of stars have an Earth-like planet?
How have we detected these planets indirectly?
Where is Voyager now?
What are the issues around what the author wants done?
How can we improve our imaging?
Why are communities not getting along in San Francisco?
What IS happening on the ground in San Francisco?
What's the similarities between San Francisco and Rio de Janeiro?
How does Rio de Janeiro illustrate the point about San Francisco?
What is TEDxRio?
How does the diversity of people affect Rio?
What are the sections that are being talked about?
How would he coach offer support?
How many times did she go after it?
What does star-fished mean?
What did TS Eliot mean by that still point of the turning world?
Why is it so rare in American culture?
What is the difference between success and mastery?
Why is mastery not the same as excellence?
what else is the universe teaming with?
What is the technology going to entail?
will we be able to see the earth-like planets anytime soon?
Will NASA have the budget to keep looking for more blue dots?
How close is the nearest earth-like planet?
Why haven't we seen more earth-like planets?
Is NASA going to move the Hubble to orbit Mars?
Why isn't the LGBT community getting along with the geek community?
What exactly does the photo show?
What does the map show about Rio de Janeiro?
What exactly is a heterogeneous city?
What is TEDxRio?
What other diversities are there besides music?
Why is it cool?
did the archer hit the ten ring target?
how did she do overall?
how did they practice?
was she a fan of T.S. Eliot?
Why is it so rare in American culture to practice so hard?
why is it so rare to see that difference between success and mastery?
why is mastery not the same as excellence?
What are the petals' purpose?
What are they sending to space?
Are we doing something with the Hubble?
What's an occulter?
What's the blue dot?
How good are the chances of finding an Earth-like planet?
What's the science field?
Want more what?
What are the best climate change companies?
Correlation to what?
What's the next step for environmentally conscious companies?
Are investors not working on/with these environmentally conscious companies?
What is Hesta doing?
What is ESG?
What is ESG doing?
CalPERS is an example of what?
What is CalPERS doing?
What is ESG?
What are the three forms of capital?
How is ESG concerning?
Why shouldn't portfolios make statements?
What optimal solutions are there
What is the shadow for?
why does it have to be bigger than a thumb?
How expensive is the telescope?
what is JPL?
What separates from the telescope
How long does this take?
What is the overall meaning?
how successful is esg
Is sustainability attainable?
Why is it the root of growth
Why is ESG the future?
How is ESG driving hard results?
what is the cloud enviroment?
What type of win?
why would they put imperfections in textiles?
is weaving a bad job?
what is a conceptual end?
What is a master?
Why tell them out of earshot?
He is giving himself to what?
How many planets are there in the universe?
How will this technology work?
Why aren't we able to detect them?
What is the pale blue dot?
How will that be possible?
Yes, what exactly are the challenges in accomplishing such a feat?
How far away is that from Earth?
Since when? That isn't my experience.
What exactly is happening?
What's the sudden relevance of Rio here? We were just talking about San Francisco.
Why do you think that Rio is heterogeneous and the other two cities are not?
What do you find so unique about that?
How do you think Rio came to be this way?
Is BTS included in that category?
How long has she been doing archery to have that amount of strength? She sounds very proficient.
How long did she keep at it?
She must've put in a lot of effort, huh?
What kind of books did they write?
Why do you think that is?
Did it move you in a meaningful way?
What is the subtle difference?
What is the likelihood one holds advanced lifeforms?
What other projects are being worked on?
Are any advances being made in regards to longer space travel?
How many pale blue dots could there be in our galaxy alone?
Are scientists any closer to having astronauts travel further than the Moon?
When will create a fuel source to power a ship for that length of travel?
Why would we care to see Earth again?
How are they not getting along?
What does that mean?
How are they coping with gentrification?
So they aren't dealing with gentrification at all?
They are all getting along?
What other groups are in the vicinity?
Are there any conflicts?
Did she make the shot?
Did she finally hit the target?
Are they practicing again tomorrow?
How were the other archers?
What is good about American culture?
Did you try your hand at archery?
What is mastery?
What made you want to run away?
What borders would you dream of crossing?
Where have you been as a documentary photographer?
Have youe ever travelled as a hitchhiker?
Why is the vagabond a creature from the past?
Why would a hobo be covered in coal?
What is a steel arterie?
What city are you speaking of?
What kind of map are we talking about?
How many people are in Baltimore?
What is TEDx?
Why are African Americans and Latinos worries different than geeks?
Why do people not travel more?
What makes peopel identify with a certain area more than another?
What do institutional investors do for money?
Why is the global stock market worth 55 trillion dollars?
Who has the most power over all of this money?
What exactly does GDP stand for?
What does ESG stand for?
What would cause the world to become less secure?
Why would this risk be exaggerated?
What happens if they don't go to the same place?
What's the next step?
How many more tests do you have to do?
How do you plan to do this?
how are you going to get an occulter in front of it?
Do you expect to find an environment similar to Earth?
What if it doesn't work?
More of what?
Who determines these best practices?
Outperformed in general or their individual history?
Who doubted that it would be compatible?
Engaged in the environment?
What is the vanguard?
So, is Hesta not interested in the environment?
How do they measure risk?
CalPERS is another retirement fund?
So is CalPERS a competitor of Hesta!
CalPERS or Hesta is moving in this direction?
What are the three forms of capital?
Why does ESG cause concern?
Does this mean they aren't taking enough risks?
How did we get so far away from earth?
Why do we want to see inside the little red circle?
What causes the light to diffract?
How do we fix the scattering light problem so we can see better?
What makes the colleagues' tech the coolest?
What's the suggestion that Lyman Spitzer made?
What does a solar eclipse have to do with the new tech?
What changes should investors be looking for?
What sort of sustainability investments should investors be looking for?
How can investors keep from ignoring sustainable investments?
How will institutional investors play the biggest role in sustainability investments?
Why isn't sustainable investing as complicated as I think it is?
How does the growing population effect the investment market and sustainable products?
What other issues are these?
Why was Franz Kafka so hard on himself?
Is this pursuit of mastery a good or bad thing?
Why is it good to strive to be perfect when it cannot be reached?
Again why is this something worth pursuing?
What else are Ben's triumphs for?
Are there any other reasons to pursue mastery?
Is there more wisdom to be learned from mastery?
What do they mean by "we can see a planet"?
Are they doing artwork with a flower?
Are they talking about planets or flowers?
What planets?
What hub?
What petals?
What creates the shadow?
How is human capital defined?
What are "productive and sustainable outcomes"?
How do we know CEOs are paying attention?
What is the competitive advantage?
What are the "views of CEOs"?
What is ESG?
What is the example?
What more is there to do?
Why would people add a deliberate imperfection?
Why do they need a way out?
When are people experts?
Why isn't there a conceptual end?
Why was this said out of earshot?
What type of voraciousness is he giving himself over to?
What planet?
What red circle?
where is this text going?
What planet?
What is this new tech?
What is this new tech suggested by Spitzer?
What was inspired by Spitzer?
What are the big drivers of change?
What specifically?
returns on what?
Why is this?
Why do you think that?
What's your point?
what else?
Why was Kafka so displeased with his own works?
Why was Kafka so obsessed with mastery?
Why was he reaching ?
How far toward mastery did he actually think he achieved?
What were his triumphs?
How does one know when he is at "the leading edge"?
Can you expound on this wisdom?
What do they think is not idyllic?
What laws criminalize homelessness?
What cities are affected?
WHat happened to their friends?
Why do people choose to be homeless?
Why is this more free?
What percentage of people are barely surviving?
`How do sports connect people?
How does under armor act as a bridge
what's happening in San Francisco
how are geeks taking over?
How big are twitter employees in SF?
How is this (Gentrification) hurting SF?
how is the LGBT community not getting along?
What DOES convert success into mastery?
What happened with the archers?
Is it true you have to aim slightly askew?
Why is the ice cream important
Why would they size him up? How is he at all relevant?
How will they hit the ten ring?
How hard is it exactly to get into archery?
What are they sacrificing in the long term?
What if its a big hoax?
What does he like?
What side are they on?
What motivates him?
do you do anything creative?
any of yours amputated?
did you leave the country then?
how did you find that out?
do you work in a hospital?
which is the most typical duration?
are there more modern processes?
who is ESG?
will there be a third color?
how is it correlation?
how do you figure that?
what do you mean by at the vanguard?
do they service other countries?
are they incorporating that strategy well?
why don't they see it that way?
why does it get under your skin?
what do you mean eyes rolling, eyes rolling?
why are they not responsible when they have the most sway?
why do they see it that way? they don't have children who will suffer at global warming because of their disregard for the planet?
what are you talking about then?
why do they have all the money?
What planet
How far away are we now
What is hard
What telescope are you using
How to get rid of the light
How to get rid of the light
How does an eclipse help with the light issue
How is race a poor proxy for diversity
How to think of diversity in a new way
How to change our cities for the better
How do relationships enter this picture
What works do we have
Other pursuits of mastery
Where is that quote from
How to close the gap
Examples of people sacrificing for their craft
Other examples
Other wisdom
What was the cause of the conflict?
What did you do to protect your children from going through a similar hardship?
Why didn't amputees use their prostheses?
Was a solution realized to fix the problem of the prostheses not fitting well?
Is there anything to be done to speed this process along?
Is there another method of making prostheses that is unconventional but works better?
Why do they use this method if the outcome is poor?
Is there another method of making prostheses that makes them less painful?
Why do they still make them this way if the outcome is not ideal?
Did you work on a new method to solve the issue?
How long does the process to create these take?
What is the material you use to make these sockets?
Did this veteran find your new socket to be the most comfortable of all the ones he's tried?
Will you be able to make enough of these to replace conventional sockets?
What is your job or position in the company?
What do you reply to the person suggesting this?
Why do you let people get you so emotional and angry?
Don't you think successful businesses should do their part to better society since they have the means and resources to do so?
What is your ideal balance of profits versus social contributions then?
Do you have a vision that differs that you think is superior? If so, what is it?
Wouldn't you agree that since they have a lot of money they should have a responsibility to society to further social causes that better society for everyone?
Are there still vagabonds?
Today's hobos are the same as yesterday's vagabonds.
Many choose this lifestyle.
Many come from bad backgrounds.
The American dream does not exist for them.
There is plenty of food to scavenge.
This life is not very comfortable though.
We always think maps are roads and streets.
It's not a standard geographic map.
Each dot is a person.
The other side are the minorities.
Our network seems like it is a small town.
They feel like they are living in the DC or Maryland area.
Sports connects the two communities.
What was my first job?
How much did I learn from her?
I asked her what she thought of her early work.
Were they what she wanted them to be?
She threw it out but her neighbor took it out of the trash.
Success is brief but we always celebrate creativity.
I'm still asking myself.
What did they integrate into an investment?
What might be exaggerated?
Are they more or less than long-range risks?
Is this based on any type of consensus?
Can bad things happen financially?
How many things are we doing?
Are we sacrificing performance?
How long did you live there?
What is it like currently there?
Where do you live now?
What can be done to ease the pain of these prosthetics?
Do you work with prosthetic sockets now?
Is there a way for people to get them quicker?
Is there a way to make prosthetics without conventional processes?
How often will ESG outperform?
Are climate change focused companies the best investments?
How much has this correlation increased as of late?
Do you think all companies should take more of an environmental focus?
Are investors looking at the wrong things?
Are they environmentally friendly?
How many fund members do they have?
Which type of capital is most important of the three?
How do you feel about people who disagree with your views?
What is a better way to give than a charity?
Do you think people need to be more focused on the planet?
Why do you think most people aren't willing to oblige socially?
What about retail investors?
Is spending the only way to impact our sustainability?
What kind of petals are they?
Why is the position so important?
why in space?
why an occulter?
Why the interest?
What angel is this from?
Is there any evidence thus far?
What kind of growth?
What kind?
Perform how?
how does a stock market index prove sustainability ?
How was it compared?
MOre what, exactly?
What kind of cases?
Why ESG?
What does being Aussie have to do with anything?
Why trust anything from California?
This is juat a money grab government fund?
What kind of returns?
What is the financial aspect?
What kind of investors?
Why did you want to run away?
Were you abused as a child?
What kinds of strange people did you meet?
Where has your photography been published?
Did you take photographs of these people?
What is a boxcar?
Why dont others get to see them?
Why cant they make sockets that are more tolerable?
How can we solve the problem of uncomfortable sockets?
If you went to MIT why cant you figure it out?
How much do the sockets cost?
When will they be available?
When will they be available to the public?
Can this tech be used for anything else?
Where was the musuem?
What kind of style were her paintings>
What were some of her motifs?
Why didnt they meet her own mark?
What happned to the art that was put in the trash?
What is your view of success?
Did you ever find the answer to this question?
How do they get the  money?
Why is this funny?
Why is the global bond market bigger than stock market?
What is the worlds smallest economy?
Why is fresh water a problem? Do you have more details about this?
What is an integrated ESG?
Where do these people work? Fora government or private institution?
What is the significance of the solar eclipse in the discussion?
How are the mechanics of a solar eclipse significant to the larger discussion?
Does the solar eclipse affect visibility somehow?
What does the moon and its shadow mean to the discussion?
What are we trying to see in space?
Is the big screen meant to create a shadow effect and increase visibility?
How would we know exactly where to create a shadow?
What are the environmental and social issues related to population growth?
Why do these issues seem to be so far away and difficult to deal with?
What are some examples of how individuals avoid responsibility?
Do investors not take everything into consideration that they should?
What else should be looked at when making investment decisions?
How is it determined whether or not a company is being responsible re:meeting ESG guidelines?
Who monitors a company to make sure they are performing effective internal oversight?
Is the text implying that we should never be satisfied by what we have already accomplished?
How exactly does the Dunning-Kruger effect apply to mastery?
How does gaining more knowledge make you realize that you need more knowledge?
How does being closer instead of slightly further away from a goal change performance?
Is frustration for just missing a goal part of motivation to succeed?
How do near wins effect the brain and body?
Do we believe we are more able to accomplish a goal when we get closer to doing so?
How do they make a living?
Where do they go?
Why do you understand the law so well?
Why would anyone choose to be homeless?
How do these travelers respond?
Will society ever change?
What are they rebelling against?
How could these communities get along better?
What does it lead to?
What is happening on the ground in San Francisco?
What's mixed up about Rio?
What makes the city heterogenous?
What kinds of music are they interested in?
What kind of drugs?
What value does a near win have?
Why did you go to watch the archers?
Why do you think they seemed so focused?
How do you speak with numbers?
What was the coach watching for?
How talented were the archers?
Did she miss more than once?
How are they investing sustainably?
What do you like about it?
How does it poke fun?
Do you like Mark Twain?
What flies away from the telescope?
What do the planets orbit around?
What have they been working on?
What are the petals?
How large is the one we saw?
What are the petals made of?
What connects the petals?
What is ESG?
What are they doing with the savings?
How do they decrease the emissions?
What is Pentair?
How much did Pentair save?
What level of growth did Pentair achieve?
Is there another relevant case?
Why can't they make more visualization techniques?
Why can't they do more?
Do they ever win?
Whose early paintings did she see?
Who is "they"?
What laws are they talking about?
Why is it illegal to offer food to someone?
How are homeless people going to pay citations?
Why would anyone want to be homeless?
What are some other responses?
How is the open road an escape?
How does sports connect the two communities?
What sport did Michael Phelps play?
What different is happening?
What kind of network is the geeks taking over?
Why is this group distinct?
What tension?
Why can't the different communities get along?
How does success turn into mastery?
Is varsity archers a sport?
What does skew mean?
What is a fletching?
How did they size you up?
Did the coach give any instructions?
Did any of them hit the ten ring?
How do you invest in sustainably?
What comic are you reading?
Why do you like it?
Which side of the climate change issue are you on?
What are you planning?
What haven't we done?
What type of telescope is it?
Are they talking about pictures from space?
What is the Kuiper Belt?
Are they talking about how big things are in space, verses how big we imagine they are?
How small is the planet in this perspective?
Are the planets near Alpha Centauri as big as our planents
Is that about a music streaming platform?
Is this a social media platform?
Where is the data from?
Are they taking things from social media and then applying them to how cities are represented?
What type of segregation are they speaking of?
Where is this data from?
So what introduces diversity into a population?
What is the difference between excellence and mastery?
are all constant pursuits mastery?
When does the creator stop tweaking something?
How does a creator know to stop working on a piece?
Who decides what is a masterpiece?
Did he want his diaries published?
Did Kafka plan to have anything he wrote published?
What planet is referenced?
What planet is in the red circle?
Are we wanting to see the planet?
Which planet is it?
How do we get rid of the light?
What is the coolest technology?
What was suggested by Spitzer?
Is this about analyzing diversity?
What new way is that?
What kinds of interventions?
What kinds of relationships?
What works do we have?
What is the final sentence fragment of The Castle?
Are you comparing Michelangelo to Kafka?
Is mastery only about reaching?
Do you have any specific individuals in mind?
Is Ben Saunders still alive?
What are some other examples?
What are they looking at through the telescope?
Where is this taking place?
What have they been working on for so long?
What are these petals they're talking about?
What are some of its other properties?
What is JPL?
Why do they have to rotate?
What type of company is this?
What are they doing with these savings?
What else are they doing to promote sustainability?
What is the Pentair example?
Are there any more examples?
What is the new world?
Are there going to be more examples?
A voracious what?
What does their former self look like?
What are they trying to master?
Who is Elizabeth Murray?
Was your village burned down?
Where do you live now?
How old are you now?
Did the prosthetic sockets get fixed?
How did they cope with the situation in the mean time?
Are there new methods for prosthetists?
Are there other consequences from uncomfortable sockets?
What are the new methods for creating sockets?
Did a solution for this problem get discovered?
How long did it take for a new solution?
Are these sockets expensive or affordable?
Are these sockets durable?
Did the veteran find the new socket to be comfortable?
Did these sockets change many people's lives?
What job does this person have?
Why does that comment annoy you so much?
What does he want to clarify?
What solution he is offering for sustainability?
How are investing and sustainability compatible?
What can investors invest in to help sustainability?
How can you convince them to invest?
What will we see?
How far away are we going to move?
Why are we looking at the little moon?
What are you trying to resolve?
How far away are you going to move?
What planet are you trying to see?
Is it the sun?
How will you shake up the seating chart?
What should we look at beside race?
What are our intractable problems?
What is a city?
How will you document those relationships?
What is success?
Why should we value the near win?
Is near win a success?
Are we to critical of our own work to judge it?
Can we measure our success ourselves?
Were any of his works burned?
Aren't somethings good even incomplete?
Could that really work?
Did they actually try it?
Is there a solution to that problem?
Is there any other way?
How many planets have been found this way?
You've been using this method for ten years?
So the proper shape is like a flower petal?
What else should investors consider?
Is one more important than the other?
And is it?
Do you have some examples?
And what does this mean for the future of business?
How can we use that?
And who is that?
What happened as a result, if they were seen as abuses?
How so?
How does that work?
How can we use this constructively?
Is there anything more we can do to make this work for us?
Do you have some examples of how we might apply that?
Can you give examples?
Where did the planet go?
Is the planet in the circle?
Why is the star's light so bright?
How will you dim the light?
Which tech is the coolest?
How will the tech get us an Earth?
How did a solar eclipse inspire this tech?
How is the world changing?
How can we sustain these issues?
How will long-term returns be affected?
How will pensions be affected in the future?
How can we sustainable invest?
How will our aging population be affected?
How can we replenish resources faster?
Why didn't his friend honor Kafka's request?
How can we master accomplishment?
Why can we never arrive at mastery?
How do you sacrifice your craft?
What are some of Ben Saunders' triumphs?
How do we stay at the leading edge?
How do we know there will be a next one?
what would we build?
It there a planet?
what does bending around a rockin the stream do?
How is the shadow
what happens when you feather edges
when did we come up with optimal solutions for that
What can we control
give one example of what environment causes
 ESG is a measure of?
how does it limit future risk?
what did they start to see
how many percent of company sees ESG as the future?
Is there an opportunity in sustainibility
Are companies leveraging to hard disk business result?
why does the near win have propultion?
Describe TED
what does a near win do?
who needed to fol low up in the competition
when do we strive?
what were you wondering
why do they deliberate
what's going to move?
what's not science fiction?
what was tested?
what does it actually do, though?
what's the size?
what does deploying it do?
what happens if they're off by a millimeter?
what is the specific bet?
what are the isolated cases related to?
why wouldn't being sustainable be profitable?
what is MSCI World?
are these companies the most sustainable?
these companies don't sacrifice anything for a better ESG performance?
more what, companies with better ESG scores?
what kind of team is this?
what is the idea?
what are you trying to obtain?
what is incomplete?
Why would we do that anyway?
What do we see now?
Will we go further?
What do we see from the Kuiper Belt?
What is this pale blue dot?
What do we see if we move further?
Now what?
Represented where?
How is it represented differently?
What's the significance of this data?
What exactly can we do with the data?
How does the data back up this claim?
What can we conclude from looking at this?
How does the data help us realize this?
What is excellence then?
But what's the point of the constant pursuit if you're not committed to some sort of goal
Isn't this just because difference people can place different values on things?
What was her admission?
Why did he only sign 10 percent of his paintings?
What did he want with all the diaries?
Would kafka have been happy with his friends decision?
What is moving in front of the star?
What are the planets orbiting?
What is being worked on?
What are the four petals?
Who is seeing?
Where did they build?
Where are they deploying?
What results are needed?
How does the mobile workplace work?
Why do the emissions need reduced?
What is Pentair?
Are they still in the water business?
What do they mean by the New World?
Why are 4 billion people demanding these things?
Why can't the coaches keep up?
What would the former self be?
What is being achieved?
What is incomplete?
What separates from the telescope?
What are the planets orbiting?
What have they been working on????
What are the petals?
What is a star shade?
What is the internship for?
How do the petals rotate?
What is ESG?
Do these companies have employees that work from home, then?
What kind of companies are these that are avoiding the emissions of a 100,000 metric tons of carbon?
What kind of company is Pentair?
Why was Pentair's reinvesting a really big bet?
Do they have anything else planned for the future?
What could be "isolated cases"?
Have they ever won?
Do they have any ideas they haven't tried?
What are they trying to master?
Who is Elizabeth Murray?
What is separating from the telescope?
Who is this person speaking in front of?
When is this technology going to be launched?
When is the next test?
What does a star shade do?
What else are they building?
What happens once the petals are in place?
What were the results of the migration to the cloud?
What is the company doing with the reduced costs?
How does this effect the people who drive for the company?
What is Pentair doing?
We're they successful?
What is the new New World?
What are the other companies doing things like this?
What is the coach giving himself over to?
What does all this building lead to?
Does this cause you to change what you want to achieve?
How do we become complete people?
What makes the life far from idyllic?
If it's such a hard life why is it against the law?
Why would it be against the law to be kind?
Were you also living on the street?
Why would anyone live such a dangerous life?
Is it freedom if you're in danger of being jailed all the time?
How can we change society so that people can thrive instead of just trying to get by?
What are people in your group interested in that the others aren't?
How do sports bring these two ends together?
What's happening in San Francisco that's different?
If the techies are taking over the top half who's at the bottom?
What does twitter have to do with hip-hop?
Why would people be tense about new wealth coming into the city?
Aren't there LGBT people who are part of that same community?
Did you find an answer to your question?
What does "the gift of a near win" mean?
Why do you have to aim off from the target?
What did the women do next?
Were the numbers actually degrees?
Did the archer hit the target?
How does someone hit something so small?
How do you make sure you're not sacrificing performance?
What does the person like, the comic?
What do you like about it?
Which side are they on?
What kind of future are they planning?
Is the star causing the light?
Are you talking about the planets in the solar system?
Would heavy waves act differently?
How big is the shadow?
If spitzer knew the answer, why did he suggest we do this in space?
How do we soften the edges?
Does it look like a flower petal?
What kind of emissions are responsible for this climate change?
What do you want me to do?
Don't do what at home?
How will the environmental change effect the financial data?
What does the ESG do?
How is innovation capacity measured?
Why is this considered juicy information?
Was the near win technique banned in Britain?
What does asking me about how I envision a great day have to do with gambling?
How does a near win resemble being general vs clear?
What is a heptathlon?
Was the competition held every 4 years?
In what kind of room is this conversation being held?
What is the purpose of this motivational text?
Where can we find them?
How do they eat?
Is it dangerous being a hobo?
Are the hobos happy?
Do hobos get sick or unhealthy?
Do hobos have families?
Are the hobos on the run from the law?
Is this a good place to live?
Are the communities united in other ways?
How is San Francisco like Baltimore?
What is the downfall?
What problems has this caused?
What is the outcome of all this tension?
Has anything been done to solve this problem?
What type of paintings did she do?
What were some of these elements?
What made the early works so different?
What happened to the painting?
Is your work different today because of this experience?
How do you define success or mastery?
Have you reached success or mastery?
What is our alternative?
Should we take these risks and accept the cost?
What course of action should we take?
How can I make the decision to act or not?
Is that always an effective way to handle this situation?
What are our immediate gains?
What could it hurt to try?
What hasn't been done?
What is being moved away from?
What has less resolve?
Is the Kuiper belt similar to the asteroid belt?
Who is Carl Sagan?
How far out are we planning on going?
Which planet is gone?
Is there metal music?
What else gets represented?
What data do you have?
What is richer than any data set?
Why is segregation a social construct?
How have the kids arranged themselves?
Why is race a poor proxy for diversity?
What is the difference between mastery and excellence?
What exactly is mastery?
What is an example of a classic that the creator considers unfinished?
What was one of Elizabeth's paintings?
How many of Paul's paintings are famous?
What did Franz do with his diaries?
Why didn't his friend burn the things he was asked to?
where did you move after that?
Did you move away because of the war?
when did they move back?
Why were they painful?
Why were they ill fitting?
Did this situation improve in Sierra Leone?
Does this pain last their whole lives?
What is ESG?
Hoe are these factors measured?
What have they outperformed?
Is this becoming more the norm?
Why are some investors not engaged?
What does Hesta invest in?
who is investing in this fund?
how do they see it?
how do you think is best to make money?
do you think you can do greater good with ESG?
Do you agree they can affect massive positive change?
how can this be achieved?
What do they think about sustainability?
Are they investing more in ESG companies now than before?
what is the fairly small telescope called?
what comes after the orbit of Uranus?
What is ten times further away?
What is not resolved?
What is ten times further away?
What is ten times further away?
How far away is the planet now?
Shake the seating chart up how?
What does contribute to our development of diversity?
what is that capability?
who bears responsibility?
what kind of cities?
What is that label?
what is a constant pursuit?
What is a near win considered?
what was Paul Cezannes purpose of leaving his paintings aside?
Why did he only sign 10 percent of his paintings?
was all his work burned upon his death?
where is all his works today?
What does another planet need to be able to harbor life?
What makes these planets like Earth?
How are planets detected indirectly?
What was the purpose of the Voyager?
Why do you just want a picture of another planet?
How difficult is it to turn around a space telescope?
What will having a blurry picture help us with?
Is this a physical space/event or something abstract?
What the heck is the Flamengo football team?
How is the representation different in Rio?
How was this data gathered so that it's "richer"?
Is segregation high in Rio?
What are the things we can do to reduce segregation?
Did everyone arrange themselves as they did for a reason?
What is the "ten ring"?
What is "she" doing?
What/who is T.S.?
What the heck is meant by the "still point of the turning world"?
Why is the person "in obscurity"?
Who is the author in relation to the person being discussed?
Why do you view success as a one time thing?
What are you making that is a "flower petal starshade"?
What exactly is being talked about?
How is it held right in the telescopes shadow?
What exactly is the design that you have come up with?
How far does it separate from the telescope?
How many petals are part of this starshade?
Will a starshade be made all one size or will a starshade vary in size depending on what star to shadow?
What is ESG?
What are the applications, what exactly do they do?
What are the initiatives exactly?
Why is this awesome to the writer?
Why did the power tools company reinvested into the water business instead?
Why is it a really big bet?
When did the New World become the New World?
What room are you in, or what do you mean?
Do the Navajo think that the passion they put into creating things gets that creative energy stuck in what they create and may cause issues losing that creativity in their work if they DON'T make a spirit line?
What makes someone an expert then?
Is being a master at something better than being an expert?
Does the archery coach consider their self a master?
Does anybody become an expert and overcome the feeling of not being 100% great in what they do?
Does the writer of this paragraph feel more confident and like a master now?
How do you control petals?
Which planets can you see?
How do you make the starshade fly?
It looks like what?
What happens after separation?
How does it fly out?
How many planets orbiting?
What is an example of leveraging ESG?
Did State Street do anything else to drive results?
Are there other environmental benefits?
Are there social benefits involved?
What did the water business do?
Did Pentair profit?
Was Pentair socially responsible?
What creation myth has the deliberate incomplete?
Why do the creators want a way out?
Why are masters not experts?
What contrasts with a conceptual end?
What did the archery coach say?
Why do they coach?
Is it good to always require more?
What are some aspects of homelessness that are not so great?
What are some laws which the homeless commonly encounter?
Which are some cities who have these laws?
Were they fined a certain dollar amount?
What are some reasons the homeless might give for living like they do?
What are some other reasons?
Do they find the escape they're looking for?
What network are you referring to?
Is this a sports media network?
What's happening in San Francisco?
What network?
Why is the Twitter segment delineated in the hip-hop network?
How have the tensions been expressed?
Why do you think these communities are at odds with each other?
What exactly caused you to change your view?
What was so special about what these archers did?
What does this have to do with converting success into mastery?
Are you suggesting that it's because they were relaxed that they were successful? Or are they relaxed because they're masters?
And did this give you a better idea of why they are successful?
And were they all successful in hitting the ten ring?
What is the definition of draw weight?
Performance of what?
Like what?
What do you like?
What side are you on?
So you must believe in climate change.
Is this for an exhibition?
Has this been published?
What will you do next?
Are there others?
Are there others?
Are there other petals?
What happens if they get misplaced?
What are their plans?
What is your evidence for more?
How much better financially?
What are some other indicators?
Are there more indicators?
Will it continue?
What will you do?
Will he continue?
Will he succeed?
Will he get what he wanted?
How long will it go on?
Why can't they see as far as the want ot with the telescope?
How blurry will earth look after the telescope was adjusted?
Can you see uranus with telescope?
Can you see the edge of the solar system with a telescope?
Can the telescope be adjusted at this distance?
Will the sun affect what you can see in space?
Is the planet too far away to see at this point?
Are different kids of people into music?
Are sports and music fans similar?
Is rio a fun city?
Can rio be compared to other cities?
Why are they segregated?
Is social life like a high school?
Does race equal diversity?
Are mastery and success the same concept?
Why does mastery take so much time?
Why is a near win more exciting than success?
Why does Elizabeth not value her paintings as much as her audience?
Why didn't paul revisit his paintings?
Why did Franz Kafka not value other people's opinions
Why did Franz Kafka's friend ignore his advice?
Which planets will we see?
What is it called?
Was the test a success?
What does the star shade do?
How are the petals operated?
What does JPL stand for?
What happens if they miss their place?
What did they produce?
What cases might be isolated?
What are some examples of companies making sustainable products?
How is the ESG performance rated?
Who are some of the best ESG performers?
How many years is ESG performance tracked?
What more do you want?
Is this the coach of the archer team?
Are we building a team?
Is Elizabeth Murray a painter?
What would a utopia look like?
Where are you now?
So how did you get out?
Why wouldn't they use their prostheses?
Could make the sockets not painful?
Is there a way to speed up the comfort period?
Is there a new method that could be used?
Could you alleviate the pressure?
Will someone seek to make these more tolerable?
Can we make sockets more comfortable so people will use them?
What steps can you take to develop a more comfortable prosthetic?
How can you get them to the masses?
How does it relieve pressure?
What did the veteran think of your prosthetic?
What can you do now with a new prosthetic?
could you do both?
So did you stay working there when it was so tough?
What needs clarifying?
Why aren't companies and investors responsible for the planet?
How are they compatible?
Can anyone else drive the efforts of sustainability?
How much money?
How far away are we now?
Is the planet visible at all anymore?
What are some ways to see a dim planet like that?
Can other methods be used to detect the planet?
How far away can a planet be seen?
What is that method to detect an Earth-like planet?
What space telescope did Lyman Spitzer inspire?
What is a better proxy for diversity than race?
What are those problems which can be addressed by more diversity?
What problems require such new ways to think about diversity?
What kind of relationships between people are most important?
Who is this friend mentioned in the passage?
Is the editor or author of those works famous?
Is there other symbolism in Michaelangelo's works?
Were any other artists reaching and never finding mastery?
Doesn't this provide a slanted view since many people are very skilled and practical?
Is it mastery if you don't accomplish goals?
Does this lead to a loss of satisfaction?
Are hobos still around?
Where are they going?
How many "Travelers" are there?
How old is the average traveler?
What are their political views?
How do local communities feel about them scavenging?
What are the dangers?
who maps out cities
what kind of map is it?
Which network?
What are African-American and Latino people concerned about?
why does it seem like a small town?
who do they identify with living in DC/Maryland/Virginia?
Why do sports connect the two communities?
Why does the author feel fortunate about that being their first job
Why did the author love looking at paintings from the 1970's?
What did the painter think of her early works?
what did she want them to be?
which painting did the neighbor take out of the trash
Why did the authors view about success and creativity change?
what gets us to convert success into mastery?
What is ESG?
What kind of "sustainability risk" stuff?
Why is the quote from JFK spot on?
What is the estimated risk?
Why not if you live in boston?
What are the two things they are doing by investing sustainable?
How is performance not scarified?
What is the technology that you are talking about?
How did the eclipse inspire him?
Did you not know that we are not supposed to look at the eclipse without protection for our eyes?
Who are you talking about?
Why is the dim part so important?
What would this achieve?
What would we build the screen from?
How is the world changing?
Why are they ignoring it then?
How can they influence sustainability?
What is sustainable investing?
Explain sustainable investing to me?
How should we deal with these problems?
How are they relevant?
So we should always strive for discovering new things?
How do we see this more clearly?
How does Dunning-Kruger effect work?
How is the near win related to increasing knowledge?
Why does this difference in frustration exist?
Can this near win phenomenon be applied to anything else?
How do we see our goals?
What aspects are far from idyllic?
In which cities?
How do you know?
Why would they choose that lifestyle?
What word?
How can we be assured dignity?
Why do they choose rebellion?
Why is the LGBT community not getting along with the geek community?
What does it lead to?
What kind of map?
How is everything mixed up in Rio?
What are the people like?
What kinds of music do they have there?
What is the most popular kind of music there?
How do we value the gift of a near win?
What did you see the archers do?
Did you see the archer's paradox?
Why were they speaking numbers?
What did she do next?
Did the archer hit the ten ring?
What did she do after she missed the target?
How do we invest sustainably?
What do you like?
How does it poke fun at the issues?
What else does it say?
Where does this group of people travel to?
Do they ever get caught trying to hop on trains?
How do they get food?
How young are the people who run away?
Did they used to own homes?
What types of places do they explore?
What troubles do they face?
How are cities mapped out?
What kind of map is it?
How diverse is this network?
What are the geeks concerned about?
Are you part of any other networks?
What is the name of this network?
What sports do they enjoy?
What did her retrospective consist of?
What type of things did she paint?
What was her opinion on her early works?
What were her favorite works of her's?
How much was the painting worth?
How did this change how you went about being creative?
How do we turn success in to mastery?
What should we do to better plan for retirement?
What sustainability risks can we avoid?
How do we choose better actions?
What is based on scientific consensus?
What is the best insurance to get?
What two things does sustainable investing do?
How do we keep the economy safe?
What is the instrument that can be able to image on earth?
Does every star in the galaxy has planet ?
Did all the Earth-like planet has speculate ?
When was Voyager spacecraft taken ?
Can a earth -like planet be taken for another star?
Hubble space telescope can be used for what ?
Why is a slightly blurry picture of the earth ?
Why did you have a tremendous diversity of people
Was the Flamengo football football team represented there ?
Are you fit to understanding Rio as being a very multicultural?
How was the data you have ?
How can we understand that it is segregation is a social construct ?
What is data trying to do?
What can you look at seeing how everybody arranged themselves
How  many rings is going to hit the ten rings?
For how many hours do you see her tenacity
Why is he looking up the sky?
Why culture is there little thats vocation about any more
Why do you have to align you body for three hours
How many rings is success hitting ?
What is as same as excellence ?
Where would you go if you ran away?
Where were you thinking of doing that wouldn't be routine or boring?
Were you able to fulfill your daydreams of traveling?
What kinds of wanderers are there in the US?
Are there still people who do this because they choose to do it?
So, hobos still exist?
What do they see that other Americans don't?
Is there a different way to make prosthetics so that they are more comfortable to wear??
How can the problem be solved?
What is different about the custom prosthetic sockets from conventional ones?
Who manufactures the prosthetic?
Is there anything else you can do with the data to help the patient?
Are most of your patients military veterans?
Are you sharing your research and processes with other doctors?
Why do you admire Elizabeth Murray?
Why did you specifically like her paintings from the 1970s?
What motifs and elements showed up again later in her work?
What made the early painting so different from later works?
Why did she think the trashed painting wasn't good enough to keep?
Why is success just a 'moment'?
Who decides someone has mastered an art?
Why is institutional investors' money important in sustainability?
Why is it funny that institutional investors have a lot of money?
How is the bond market important to sustainability?
Why is it important that the global stock and bond markets have 8.5 times the US GDP?
How can the money in the markets be used to clean up the environment and feed people?
What is ESG?
How can we ensure there is clean air and water for years to come?
why block the light?
Why does it not work?
Do they have different ideas?
Can they make a bigger shadow?
Are they sure this will work?
Looks something like what?
why does this work better?
Why should they look at performance in ESG?
Does it help to look at those a lot?
Do they think the private sector is not paying attention to ESG?
Why is it crucial to Business success?
What do the ones that don't see it as that think?
Is the enough to get the whole company on board?
What are the actually doing?
Why does it make people view it this way?
Was this done on purpose so they would get more sales?
Is it psychological?
Why does it make us feel this way?
Does it make us want more?
Will different peoples play out differently?
What happens when we finally reach our best?
Are they still in Sierre Leone?
Is this person a boy or girl?
Is their life better now?
Did they do something to help amputees?
Did the amputee's get help?
Did this satisfy it deeply troubling them?
Is there anything to speed up the process or make them comfortable?
What do they want more of?
Are they talking about metrics and standards?
What is their plan?
Do they plan to make it the norm?
Is this about stock exchange?
Should one use a retirement fund?
What does ESG stand for?
Is this person making a speech?
Are they trying to persuade someone they are different than the rest?
Are they saying people claim to give it away but don't?
Do they think companies are held to too high of a standard in regards to caring for the environment?
Who do they think is responsible?
Are they saying they are liable?
Are they against investors?
What is the coolest technology?
What did the eclipse inspire?
What does the eclipse have to do with cool tech?
Did blocking light inspire cool tech?
What is dim?
What happens if the technique is used in space?
Are these exoplanets we can see?
What are some big changes in sustainability?
What are the consequences if people ignore sustainability?
How do investors influence sustainability?
Are there benefits to sustainable investing besides simplicity and performance?
What do we already know?
Can Earth support 10 billion people?
What is the best investment?
Did anyone else share the philosophy of Saunders or Ellington?
Are there more examples of near wins?
What did Baldwin say increases with knowledge?
What are some important ongoing quests?
Are silver medalists more frustrated than bronze?
Are there other gambling examples of the near win?
What do near wins do to goals?
How are they able to travel across the country?
Is this illegal?
Are there any that do it out of necessity?
Were any exceptions able to mobilize upwards?
Is their enough excess for everyone?
Does this exploration lead to more happiness?
What are some of the unfavorable aspects?
What are some of these other ways?
What is new about this kind of map?
How many communities are there?
What kind of things are they concerned about?
How small is it?
Why are they not fully exploring te city?
What kind of sports connect the communities?
What was their job there?
What did they learn from her?
What did she think of those works?
What did she want them to be?
What was its value?
How is it celebrated?
How is success converted into mastery?
What is ESG?
What is sustainability risk?
What are the long term risks of inaction in this case?
Is there any way to prove this?
Is the cost of insurance worth it with these odds?
What are these two things?
How much is the risk reduced this way?
Where would you run to?
How was your life after childhood?
Then what would happen?
What have you learned from this experience?
What has this dream taught you?
What other impressions exist?
What are some unexpected things that you have seen?
How can these issues be eliminated?
How can this problem be solved?
How can custom prosthetics be made quicker and cheaper than conventional ones?
What happened with manufacturing?
What materials are used?
What are other people's opinions?
What other ways can this technology help people with disabilities?
What did the retrospective teach you?
Which 1970's Elizabeth Murray's painting was your favorite?
Which motifs and elements recurred?
What were her expectations?
What did Elizabeth Murray's neighbor see in this painting?
How are we always celebrating creativity and mastery?
Have you found an answer?
How do we get institutional investors to invest?
How much is a lot?
Besides global stock and global bond markets, what are some other potential investors?
How can we get them to invest?
How can we get people to address these challenges?
How would this benefit investors?
How will we remedy this situation?
Do you still live in Sierra Leone?
Has Sierra Leone recovered after the long war?
How did you ensure change for the future generations growing up in Sierra Leone?
Did you create something new for the the amputees to assist them?
Is there a way to make the prosthetic fit properly?
Is there a way to speed up the process to get a comfortable socket at a reasonable price?
What can be done to prevent the pressure sores and blisters?
What does ESG stand for?
What types of changes have they made to conserve energy?
What is the strategy used in the correlation?
Why aren't more companies using climate change strategies?
Is vanguard helping with investing in the climate change strategies?
Is Hesta safe to invest in?
What strategies are they investing in?
What does ESG stand for?
How do they expect you to make the money?
Why do they suggest giving the profits to charities?
Who should hold the companies accountable for playing their part in sustaining the environment?
How are they compatible?
Who are the institutional investors?
Are they willing to invest the money that they have into saving the environment?
What types of sides are they seeing?
Where do they go by train?
Why do those going not by choice go?
But do those escaping abuse get abused in other ways?
But aren't the slaving away in a different way at an illusion?
What's their favorite type of produce?
What are the aspects that aren't idyllic?
What other ways should we think about cities?
What is a non-geograhic map?
What is considered a network?
What are the Latino folks concerned about?
What are some other community names?
Is there a large hip-hop music scene in Baltimore?
What sports do the people of Baltimore care about?
What style does Murray feature?
What other decades did she paint in?
What did she think of those early works?
How is her painting different now than in the 70s?
Did the neighbor sell the painting she took out of the trash?
Does Murray think she's mastered painting?
What other questions do you ask yourself?
What is ESG?
How do you define sustainability risk?
What are the long range costs of inaction on clean water and air?
What are the consensus on the odds?
What kind of insurance might there be for clean water and air?
What are the two things that investing sustainably does?
What are the risks to the economy?
How did you get to Alpha Centauri?
What is the red circle?
Why is it hard?
Whose telescope is it?
How do you get rid of the light?
Why is it the coolest?
Where was Spitzer from?
Where is this data from?
What country or countries are we talking about here?
What interventions are suggested?
Can you give an example of that relationship?
When was this novel written?
When were these works written?
Who was Michelangelo?
What would be an example of this?
What would be an example of this?
Where was Ben Saunders from?
Where was Duke Ellington from?
How powerful would the telescope need to be?
Are there more planets than we currently think there are?
How many planets do you think there are?
Are there other pictures like this?
Is it possible to take more photos like this?
Would you be able to photograph Mars?
But can you photograph the other planets?
What exactly is TEDxRio?
How does football tie into TEDxRio?
Are current events included?
What do you do with this data?
How does this data display segregation?
Why did you choose to do it?
What do you mean by "shake up the seating chart"?
What was she throwing?
What activity was she doing?
What happened next?
Did she continue in the same fashion?
What happened next?
Did she win the competition?
Was she a master?
Who makes these sacrifices?
What is a homeless person to do?
What good are these laws?
Why choose homelessness?
Why not seek help?
Is there dignity in homelessness?
Homelessness is rebellion from what?
Why are these communities at odds?
Leads to what things?
What does the map show?
What about Rio is mixed up?
Why does a heterogeneous city equate being mixed up?
What different kinds of music are people interested in?
Is there a lot of interest in drug culture?
What turns success into mastery?
What does being a woman have to do with archery?
Does archer's paradox work?
How do archers communicate with numbers?
Why would an archer require support?
How does an archer hit such a small target?
How are points calculated?
Performance of what is not being sacrificed?
Why is it something liked?
Why laugh about climate change?
Why plan for the future?
Do you think we will ever have a telescope in the orbit of Mars?
Why did it move there?
What moon, the earth's moon?
What is the Kuiper Belt?
What's ten times further away?
What's ten times further out?
Is Alpha Centauri similar to the sun?
What is something we choose to do?
What does contribute to our development of diversity?
What is the new way we need to think about diversity?
What's a city?
How can we document those relationships correctly?
What label?
How do you get motivated for that constant pursuit?
What's an example of this?
How many of Cezanne's final painting did he think were incomplete?
What other works did he enjoy?
Why wasn't Kafka satisfied?
Are there others who requested their works burned at death?
Which planets could we see?
Why doesn't it work?
Would a bigger screen solve the problem?
If there anything that can be done to make a better shadow?
What planet can we see?
What do you think will happen in the next 10 years?
Has this been done in space yet, or just as an experiment?
Which metric is most important?
Why is sustainable investing important?
What are some examples of sustainable outcomes?
Which CEOs are engaged in sustainable investing?
Who is the 7% that does not see ESG as important?
How much money has sustainable investing produced?
What's a good example of ESG being used today?
What other abuses are there in the gambling industry?
Is this from a TED talk?
How can we fight back against these gambling abuses?
Did Jackie Joyner-Kersee win in the follow-up competition?
So near misses are good for us, in life?
How could you manufacture a near miss?
Can you give an example of such a myth?
Why haven't we done what?
Why are we moving a telescope far into outer space?
Why are we trying to make the image smaller?
What is the Kuiper Belt?
What causes it to be so hard to see?
What is the Oort Cloud?
How is it gone? Did it disappear from view?
What kind of event is this?
Represented in a different way from what?
What are they studying?
What are they trying to do with this data?
How can we choose not to do it?
How are they using the data to reduce segregation?
How does race differ from diversity?
/What is a ten ring?
Mastery of what?
How can something be mastered if the creator doesn't consider it such?
How is something riddled with difficulties and flaws a near win?
How can a master think most of his works are incomplete?
Why did Kafka see incompletion everywhere?
Is being a master equivalent to being an extreme perfectionist?
What are the petals for?
What happens if the petals don't go to the same place?
How would this be used in space?
What is an occulter?
Do you think its likely you'll see another solar system?
Where are the other planets?
What are the odds you'll find those things?
What is the "new New World"
How many companies pay attention to sustainability?
Do sustainable companies attract different consumers?
How about companies from undeveloped markets?
Is there a tradeoff over a longer period?
We want more companies or more information?
Is there or isn't there outperformance from ESG?
What other kinds of companies are they invested in?
Is this only available to Australians?
Does CalPERS invest in ESG?
How long before they are at 100%?
What do they think will happen to long term return with ESG?
What if a company only has two of the three?
How do other investors see it?
Will it be earth or mars based?
Will we even be able to see earth from that distance?
Will we be able to see it?
what can be done to make it resolve?
what can we see from this distance?
What will we see from this distance?
Can you make out anything other than the brightness?
How would you shake it up?
what does contribute to the development of diversity?
What are those interventions?
Why is it your responsibility?
How will documenting help diversity?
What is mastery?
How do yo find value in a near win?
How is the creator finding value with something they are clearly unsatisfied with?
How are they valuing their near wins?
Did he find value in the other ninety percent?
How was he valuing them when wanting them destroyed?
How is this an example of valuing anything?
Where are we going next?
Why do we want to see the star?
What happens when light diffracts?
What are we going to do about all that light?
What's the technology?
What did Lyman Spitzer make?
Can you only observe during a rare solar eclipse then?
What are some of the biggest drivers of change?
What do environmental and social issues have to do with change?
Do long-term returns bring in more revenue than short term ones?
Why does do institutional investors have more power to influence?
Why is sustainable investing so important?
What does the population number have to do with investing?
What else is there?
Were there any other works saved?
Is this the concept of pursuing mastery something that most artists experience?
Does anyone ever arrive at mastery?
Why is crafting your career not under the effects of mastery?
What things did Ben Saunders do?
Do losses have any effect on thriving within the pursuit of mastery?
What were some of Duke Ellington's notable works?
What analogy is being made?
What is being made an example of?
What has gotten smaller?
What's not resolved?
Why does the text keep going further out?
What is lastly 10x further away?
Why is it so bright?
What are they doing?
What else contributes to diversity?
Why does the individual think they have the capability?
What is a city, as described by this individual?
What is ideal for this individual?
What caused this individual to compared mastery vs success (what event)?
How do we get ourselves to master something, such in a way the author is describing.
How many times, as described?
Why was the author surprised?
Why had he only signed 10%?
Were they burned?
Why do people get so discouraged?
What can one do to lose their inner demons?
What can we do to combat homelessness?
What other laws are there against homeless people?
Why would they choose that life?
What is that single word?
What will happen if people aren't given their dignity in their labor?
In what ways will they rebel?
Who else don't the LGBT community get along with?
What types of things does it lead to?
How many people are being evicted?
What is happening in Rio de Janeiro?
What other good traits does Rio de Janeiro have?
How else is Rio de Janeiro diverse?
Is there a drug problem in Rio de Janeiro?
How do we get over the disappointment of losing?
Did the women lose?
How long have these women practiced?
Why did they speak in numbers?
Did she need support mentally or physically?
Were the women able to hit their target?
Why didn't her last arrow hit?
In what way can we invest in sustainability?
Does this person like discussions of clean energy?
Was the comic the thing poking fun at both sides?
How should we plan for the future?
What kind of technology are you talking about?
What about the eclipse inspired him?
How does this relate to the technology you're discussing
How does this apply to finding another earth
Where is this telescope located?
Did it work to put the telescope in space?
What is the big screen made of?
What are the drivers of change?
Why is it reckless?
How does it rest with institutional investors?
Why is it less complicated?
What do we already know?
Why is a growing population a problem?
How are they relevant to risk and return?
What is it that you see?
What more is there to know?
What did James Baldwin respond to that question?
How are we motivated by near wins?
Was it just frustration that motivated them?
What other industries does this apply to?
How does it effect our goals?
What is it they want a telescope to do?
What are astronomers planning on doing if they ever find such a planet?
How did astronomers detect Earth like planets indirectly?
How far is six billion kilometers?
Why haven't they done what?
What type of picture is it the person is wanting?
What is the subject of the photo this person seeks?
What is TEDxRio?
What type of website is this?
What exactly is being described in whole here?
Is the website for all cities, or exclusively Rio?
What exactly is the purpose of what is being explained?
Who is this data aimed at helping?
How are they going to 'shake up the seating chart'?
What type of archery game are they playing?
Is she competing or practicing?
What is T.S.?
What is this whole section even about?
Why did the person think about leaving?
Who is this person that decided to stay?
Who is the speaker and their relation to the event?
Is this related to some sort of smart lighting  product?
Can you see all the planets?
How heavy is the starshade?
What's the next step for this plan?
What happens after it separates from the telescope?
Where will it eventually land?
How will this device enable planets to orbit it?
What's the example?
Did you have any other notable projects after 2012?
What are your future plans?
What is the next initiative planned to augment your gains thus far?
How did Pentair's water venture turn out?
Did they make the right bet?
Did they succeed?
What sort of wins is he talking about?
What does Navajo culture have to do with the matter at hand?
What's the proposal for bridging the mastery expert gap?
What makes a master?
What did his archery coach tell him?
What prompted this sort of feeling of hopelessness?
What was the narrator's reaction to his coach's revelation?
What aspects?
I am wondering if he is saying this from experience
Why does he know the laws so well?
Why are these laws like this?
What's the word?
How can we assure this?
Does he have rebellious feelings?
Why are they not getting along?
What changes?
What is the photo containing?
What do you mean by mixed up?
How come it's not working in baltimore or san fran but it is in rio?
How can we have the same thing in the united states?
Why can't we have something like this in america.
Why do you think this?
Why was he there to watch the archers?
Why is he so interested in archers paradox?
Numbers? What kind of numbers
What positions do they use?
That's impressive. It must take a lot of skill to hit that and i wonder how .long the girls have trained?
How could she be so accurate and then miss the next?
Why is the man in comic here?
Like what?
Is climate change important to them?
Why is planning for the future so important?
Ten times further away from what? What was the starting point?
What planet is being referred to?
What do we want to see?
Would a different type of telescope work better to see it?
How do we get rid of it?
What are these new technologies?
What was first suggested?
How can you shake up how and where people live?
What new way is there to think about diversity?
What interventions would these be?
How can you get involved in changing relationships?
Why did he refuse to honor the request?
How far along does this book get?
Why does the author include this quote?
Why does the author feel this way?
What actions make up the difference between sacrificing and crafting your career?
Are there other examples of this?
How does the author feel about people who retire after big achievements?
Are nomads homeless as a hobo would be?
Where do they intend on going?
Do they want to be homeless?
Where do they commonly go?
Are they not unlike hippies?
How else do they express thier life on the streets?
How else could they have dealt with the issues?
Is country life better in some respects?
Do sports bring all people together?
How does San Francisco bring people together?
How does San Francisco also differ when compared to Baltimore?
What other groups are in SF that relate?
What brings these two groups together?
Why does the LGBT community not get along with the tecky/geeks?
What did you learn that helped benefit you?
What events came up that you saw as relate able?
What about her work stood out to you?
What happened to the painting?
What changed in a sense that you applied to your daily life?
How does one bridge the gap and change thier mindset?
How do we set those goals for us in order to achieve or nearly achieve them?
Is there any proof?
Do the programs we have now benefit the every day citizen?
Does science prove that we are are making the right choices right now?
Is there a generally accepted solution?
Is it right to act in the way we are acting now to preserve our future although we dont know it?
Do we have any assurances that what we do now is preventing the inevitable?
What can we tangibally see that we are making the right offsets now to benefit the long term?
what are the petals for?
what happens when the petals go into place?
what will the technology do?
what will happen if you can put out a similar space telescope?
what is an occulter?
How about the rest of the planets?
what kind of life?
What did they do?
what are they doing to be sustainable?
what is ESG?
what companies?
But are they better off?
More what?
In what cases?
how many fund members are there?
why do you gotta love aussies?
what are the risks for calpers?
what is ESG?
why is it critical?
what is physical capital?
what is your job?
What does he mean "get us an Earth?"
Does this happen at night or day?
Do eclipses have any other effects?
What was he talking about get us an earth?
IS the corona the light around the moon we see in the eclipse?
Does an eclipse cause heat from sun to go down?
So is this how we could locate potential new homes for humans?
How much longer do we have with current resources?
We ignore it, but how long is it at this rate?
SO what should I do instead?
What is the earths "financial data?"
What are the fundamentals of the earth
So how do we conserve these things?
SO if earth is like a company, how do we make it efficient like a business?
What kind of music id Ellington make?
What did he do to master this?
Were Baldwin and Ellington similar?
So are people fueled by their first success, or attempt?
So are third and fourth place people less motivated?
Aren't gambling and and trying hard at something different?
Does getting further from winning cause people to lose motivation?
Was it hard for her growing up?
Why was she unhappy with the routine?
Did she ever go on the road and experience unconventional things?
Where are some places she has traveled to?
Is documenting the lives of these people sad?
Where can her work be seen?
How do they afford to live?
Who is the person giving this opinion on prosthetists?
How can these prosthetic sockets be improved?
Did the custom sockets work?
Who did she test this on?
What do these sockets look like?
How many patients does she have?
How many people are in her research group working on this?
Does the author know a lot about are history?
What did she do helping make the Elizabeth Murray exhibit?
Did she work with Elizabeth Murray?
How many paintings did she paint over the years?
Is that painting found in the trash worth money now?
Does Elizabeth Still paint?
Does this writer want to achieve mastery for herself?
How can money be used to improve sustainability.
How much money is needed to improve sustainability?
Do investors how controls these markets want sustainability?
How many investors control the majority of these markets?
How does institutional investors money go from markets to helping these good causes?
Do institutional investors want to do help the environment?
How likely is the world to be more stressed when we retire?
What is it?
What is the setting since the speaker is receiving applause?
What type of test was conducted?
What is the purpose of a star shade?
Why do the petals unfurl?
What is JPL?
Why such an exact placement?
What is the new New World?
Isolated cases of what exactly?
What evidence or statistics supports the claim?
What is MSCI World?
How does the gold subset compare to the total?
Is "okay" really what a stockholder wants to see?
How do we get more in terms of performance?
What type of team is being referenced?
What is being mastered?
Are we comparing art to a sport?
What is the ideal end?
Why control diffraction?
What planets?
Which planets can it see?
What is the design?
What does it do next?
What planets does it see?
What planets are orbiting?
What business results are they achieving?
What projects?
What other initiatives?
What else have you done?
What did that accomplish?
Yes, why did they do that?
How do you accommodate all of those people?
What different ways?
A way out to what?
What else do masters do?
What else makes them masters?
Told you what?
How to overcome this feeling?
How to accept this?
Is it expensive?
Is it clear?
Is it modifiable?
Is it expensive?
Is it easily damaged?
How do the petals unfurl?
How long does it last?
What's the example?
What are some other automation projects?
What else are you doing for sustainability?
What else are you doing for sustainability?
Any other examples?
What was Pentair's motivation?
Did their bet pay off?
How are the different ways?
How does that apply here?
Do you consider yourself a master?
What's the conceptual end for you?
What do you mean?
How does that apply in practical terms here?
What is your unfinished path?
Where do they travel at specifically?
What about when it rains?
So the underbelly of society make up most of the hobos?
IS this the main reason people become hobos?
Do any hobos work?
Do they only live on the streets?
Do people eventually find themselves?
What is your town's population?
What type of sports?
Anywhere else other than San Francisco?
What other subjects are happening?
Any other employees?
How much wealth?
Why arent they getting along?
What did you learn exactly?
What type of elements?
What did she think about her early works?
The neighbor stole it?
How much was it?
What converts success into mastery?
anything else?
Is it exaggerated or overstated?
What kinds of risks?
what type of scientific consensus?
Where at then?
Does insurance protect you?
How are we reducing risks to our planet?
Is it a big hoax or is it real?
What was first suggested by Lyman Spitzer?
What does the corona have to do with Spitzer's suggestion?
What does this have to do with Spitzer's suggestion?
What does a shadow have to do with Spitzer's suggestion?
How is the corona involved with Spitzer's suggestion?
What is the purpose of doing this in space?
Did this suggestion actually take place?
What other issues are they besides environmental and social?
What can we do instead of ignoring the issues?
What should I do instead?
Do investors look at anything other than financial data?
What else should investors be looking at?
What is involved with governance?
Why is it important that investors look at ESG?
How can we stay at our own leading edge?
How does the Dunning-Kruger effect help?
How does learning that you don't know much help you?
What is the difference between a silver and bronze medalist after a competition?
Do more silver medalists go on to win gold than bronze medalists?
Does the gambling industry still do this?
Do near winners go on to win more often than non-near winners?
What exactly Lyman Spitzer did to earn the title father of the space telescope?
When was that?
What happened next after the moon blocks the sun?
What happened next?
How dim?
How can we do this in space?
How far we can see the planets?
What sustainability we are talking about?
Why it's reckless to ignore them?
How big the power to influence the institutional investors?
What are some better-performing could be suggested?
What we already know?
How true climate change just keep increasing?
How is that risky?
What was his favorite song?
What examples we don't know of?
How can we do with knowledge?
Is success really gives us ongoing quest?
How frustrated?
What motivate them to buy more tickets?
How does that relevant putting goals and change our view altogether?
Have the villages come back since the war?
Do you feel safe now for yourself and your children?
Why do they not use their prostheses?
Can they get new prostheses to fit better?
Can they be taught this lesson that it takes time to get comfortable.
Is their a new process that can be used to adjust the time it takes to get used to it?
Is there a way to relieve the pressure?
Is there a way to relieve the pressure?
Can they be shone the benfits out way the pain involved?
How to solve this problem?
what is magnetic resonance imaging?
So this makes it more comfortable by fitting better?
How quickly and cheaply can they be made comparatively?
How does this give meaning to your life?
Why did they not see your point?
Why does it get under your skin?
Why are their eyes rolling when you speak to them?
Why are companies and investors not responsible?
How are they compatible?
Why are they xfactor?
But why should they give their money?
do they still live there?
do they like where they live now?
why wouldnt they use their prostesis?
did anyone help them get new prostesis?
did they continue to try and find more prostesis for them that would actually fit?
has anyone helped them get a new conventional method prosthetists?
is there anything that will help with that pain?
why hasnt there been a streamlined way of helping people deal with this problem?
how old are they? or do they mean like age of mankind?
how is the person going to help them?
did it work? were they fitting better and not hurting people as much?
how happy was this person to help the peopel in need?
did they like the new prosthesis?
did they enjoy helping this person?
so what do they do there?
why does this person let it get under their skin?
what does he want to clarify?
why doesnt he just change his job if he doesnt like it so much?
what is he talking about?
what does he think should change?
can it be changed?
Why do they want to see the planets?
Why aren't there planets yet?
Is there going to be a new plan?
Why is the shadow so terrible?
What is the answer?
What are those solutions?
What is the flower petal starshade like?
How are they economic issues?
How do we resist this?
What do you mean by 'purpose'?
What does the financial data look like in terms of hard stats?
How do we evaluate ESG?
How does this benefit humans in terms of their basic human rights?
How should boards and investors handle the oversight?
How does it change our view of the landscape?
What are these more general terms?
What are the downsides to the near-win mentality?
Is the addressing positive overall or negative?
Do most people get these kinds of results from addressing their mountains?
How can we reproduce these results?
How can my life play this out?
how is that possible?
is the moon going to crush the sun
is there a different if you turn around and look
what happens to the sun when the moon blocks its light from reaching where it was supposed
how does the moon being in front of the sun affect the sun
what can you use to travel to space with a big screen?
we are going to use a space ship or a rocket
Are all these humans contributing to the current climate change
are all gonna die
is the changes caused by climate change reverseble
what if they fail to invest in a more appropriate bank account
what is the market place supposed to do
what about the social and governance policies
who has more authority over the current issue
what is the reason for somebody to compose something he likes
who knows who will be there by then
how do you call a person who pretends to know more
what is the simplest way to tell a person you a damn looser?
how easy is it to get what you don't deserve
what are the functions of of a laver
better off
Was Spitzer's suggestion doable?
How else could someone see the planets?
Is there another way to do this that doesn't diffract the light waves?
Is there some way to do this that won't destroy the shadow?
What can be done so we can see the planets?
What kinds of solutions were discovered to accomplish this?
How does the flower petal starshade work?
What can be done to control risk?
Is there a way to simplify them so people understand them better?
What investment rules of today won't work tomorrow?
What should they be looking at, if not financial data and metrics?
Why should investors care about environment, social, and governance performance metrics?
Why is human capital important?
What is the importance of company oversight (governance) for investors?
Who or what made the gambling industry stop selling near win scratch off tickets?
Does something that seems close seem more attainable?
Does a near win really compel people to buy more tickets just because the win seemed so close?
Do near wins make people more determined to try again?
So Olympians and gamblers are similar when it comes to how they deal with near wins?
How could you manufacture a near win at a conference?
Is there any research that backs this up, rather than just gut level reasoning?
What are these 'petals that are being discussed?
What type of equipment are these individuals testing?
What is the purpose of these various tests on the 'petals?'
Are these people designing another version of a space telescope?
What on earth is an occulter - and what is the purpose of taking this 'family portrait of the solar system?
Why is it so impressive to see planets through a space telescope - this has been done an endless amount of times before, but what is new about this situation?
How reliable is this technology that determines of these various plants have the properties needed to sustain life?
Which power tools company are these people discussing?
That is a pretty wide blanket statement - has this person done any research into the financial success of companies focused on sustainability?
What does ESG performance mean?
What is the purpose of the MSCI World index and what data from it is relevant to this discussion?
How is ESG performance calculated?
Why is the goal of the author to increase sustainability?
What does out-performance mean in this context?
Is the individual involved in this discussion an environmentalist or a financial advisor?
This discussions seems rather formal and professional, so why is the speaker using casual slang regarding Australians?
Why is this individual interested in the financial success of various pension funds?
If pensions are 'integrating ESG' accross their entre funds - doesn't that increase their long term risk due to reduced diversification overall?
What is the historical track record for ESG relted investments? Is this a fad or something which will demonstrate itself long term?
Is there really any value in simply breaking down value generation into three broad categories?
What is the data that the people 'who don't see it this way' point to to support their positions?
Which planets will you see?
Why aren't there any planets?
Can you see planets through the telescope?
How can you preserve the shadow?
What was Spitzer's answer?
Are there any other solutions?
Who else calls it the flower petal starshade?
What happens if we do not reduce emissions?
Will there be consequences for burying our heads in the sand?
What are the investment rules?
Is it very risky?
Will that improve investers accuracy and returns?
Are companies very environmentally conscious?
Does the board and investors punish companies for violations?
Are they addicted to playing?
How would you describe a great day, tomorrow?
Does a near win improve self esteem?
Did Jackie feel like a failure?
What was the high score before Jackie?
How can we manufacture a near win?
Should you trust your gut?
Where can we see these color photographs?
Are today's nomads there by choice or is the economy to blame?
Whst adventure do they find?
Is it better to be homeless and a nomad vs staying in one place?
Is thre hope for these nomads to level up?
Is music art better that a roof and security?
what does one lose
Do you want to meet new people
Is sport the only connector?
how would you find more connectivity?
how is the media bringing communities closer?
why is one group dominating? How does it harm all others?
what can be done to move communities closer
what can be done to reduce barriers
Why did you learn?
Tll me about the motifs what are they?
What was her response?
What was her mark, comments are to vague.
How did your veiw change, from what to what?
why would you think success is a moment?
What is the value of a near win?
how can you plan for an uncertain future?
which ones are acceptable expected risks?
what study are you referring to?
sre you saying there is flaw in the study?
Insurance is one way to vaid disaster, but what other thigs should we do to plan for future?
how is investing sustainability the same is insurance?
what if you don't create a better world, but harm the existing one?
Is it the sun?
What makes it not science fiction?
What exactly did you test?
How big would a full scale shade be?
What do the petals look like?
How long did it take them to build the petals?
Do they rotate clockwise or counterclockwise?
What was the bet?
Are they isolated cases?
How well do these companies do financially?
What does ESG mean?
What companies does it consist of?
Three years plus what?
What more do you want?
What more would they like to be doing?
What do you mean by former self?
Was Elizabeth Murray a painter?
What would you consider complete?
What are the negative aspects of this lifestyle?
What is an example of a specific law criminalizing homelessness?
Why would it be illegal to offer food to a stranger?
Has the author been cited/hauled to jail for similar "crimes"?
Why would people want to live this way?
Freedom from what or to do what?
How can we create this society?
What are the two communities?
What is the other community?
How does the situation differ in San Francisco?
Who or what is the network being referred to ?
How are the network and the hip-hop spectrum related?
How have the effects of gentrification been documented?
Is it that the geeks don't get along with the arts/music folks or is the LGBT community not getting along with them?
What is the answer to converting success into mastery?
How did the archers help understanding?
How does the archer's paradox relate to mastery?
How is the ice cream important here?
How does this relate to mastery?
Did the archer hit the ten ring?
Did the archer hit the tiny ring?
How is performance being maintained?
What does the person like?
What do they both like?
What side is this person on?
How are they planning for the future?